hey guys this is white man back and back
in higher quality and I'm gonna show you
what I got for Christmas so first we're
gonna start with well seeing it deluxe
movie edition I got the Deal or No Deal
card game this one the hit TV show then
I got seen it sports edition the DVD
game seems pretty cool i we get these
every year lifesaver gummies they taste
really good
we got the Book of World Records 2008
and Guinness World Records 2009 with 3d
photography I got these awesome pair of
gloves they look like Steelers clothes
but they're not and they feel really
nice I got a card struck ler I'm going
to show you how that works because it
looks really cool you just put a couple
cards in there and a couple cards in
here
and you put this little plastic cover
down then you press down I thought
that's really cool then I got a couple
little games restricted area and rock
tour and I know but now you're thinking
wow this kid got crap but you'll just
see then I got a little magic deck and a
little magic thing and here I got a case
for an iPod Touch and here I actually
got an iPod Touch and I have one of the
cases on it right now so this is an
actual iPod Touch so this is pretty cool
that I got this and see this this is
like really cool you just
just thought that's pretty cool then I
got some webkinz ornaments they have two
virtual coach in it or some I guess
prizes or something and then what I'm
recording with I actually bought this
today with money I got for Christmas and
money I saved up jvc if are you g or
whatever it looks like whatever
looks like whoa looks like that it's
pretty cool and so we're gonna have some
more high-quality vids this was a really
good Christmas this year make sure to
check out my brother's channel Mets fan
77097 and I hope you guys had a good
Christmas I mean you know my Christmas
Happy New Year I'll probably be posting
a new year video up so you'll see me
then oh yeah and also my brother he's
letting me borrow his keyboard I think
that's really nice of him so thanks man
and I'll see you later